README.md, before:

!["This is a title image for the art gallery"](https://github.com/SebC750/Art_Gallery_Portfolio/blob/main/art_gallery_portfolio/public/Artworks/froppy.jpg)
# Art Gallery
Welcome to my art gallery! This is my website where I have all of my art viewable in an official site. Since middle school, I began pursuing art as a future endeavor and after completing middle school, I enrolled into Art and Design High School of Manhattan.

While majoring as an animator, I gained a lot of experience and learned from my mistakes with guidance from my teachers. As much as I enjoyed studying at A&D, I realized around senior year that I preferred to do art as a hobby. Since then, I did not attend art school in favor of a degree in Computer Science.

Since I began studying at St. John's University in Computer Science, I learned to use many technologies, including web development technologies. Software/Web development is something I love to pursue because like Art, it allows me to open up my creative side. 

In this project, I bring both my art and programming skills to develop an art gallery where I present all of my artworks. 


## Tech Stack
- HTML
- CSS
- JSX
- React.js

Commit message:

Final touches for home and about page. Readme.me
- Made changes for the Home and about page. Specifically, I changed my branding to also include my real name.
- Added about section to explain what tools I use for art.
- Updated ReadMe.me with all the changes made to the program up until now and forthcoming changes to the gallery.
- Art_Gallery V1.0 will now go live.

README.md, after:

!["This is a title image for the art gallery"](https://github.com/SebC750/Art_Gallery_Portfolio/blob/main/art_gallery_portfolio/public/Artworks/froppy.jpg)
# Art Gallery
Welcome to my art gallery! This is my website where I have all of my art viewable in an official site. Since middle school, I began pursuing art as a future endeavor and after completing middle school, I enrolled into Art and Design High School of Manhattan.

While majoring as an animator, I gained a lot of experience and learned from my mistakes with guidance from my teachers. As much as I enjoyed studying at A&D, I realized around senior year that I preferred to do art as a hobby. Since then, I did not attend art school in favor of a degree in Computer Science.

Since I began studying at St. John's University in Computer Science, I learned to use many technologies, including web development technologies. Software/Web development is something I love to pursue because like Art, it allows me to open up my creative side. 

In this project, I bring both my art and programming skills to develop an art gallery where I present all of my artworks. 

# Website Updates

## Art Gallery V1.0 is complete!
I am happy to announce that I have completed the first version of the art gallery! Here is whats new for V1.0!
- Created three pages: Homepage, Gallery and About page. The homepage gives a brief introduction of myself and what this website is about. The gallery page contains all of my artworks in a 3xN format and users can click on images to learn and see more of the picture! The about page goes further in-depth about me and my art journey from since I was in middle school!
- Added a sort by functionality that allows users to sort images by either titles or date published. IIn the future, I expect to have hundreds or even thousands of images. This can affect performance for brute force algorithms like selection and insertion sort. For my use case, I opted to use merge sort as the better worse case scenario for time complexity (o(nlogn)) will make this algorithm more suited for sorting my works in the long term.
- Added state management for holding artworks and updating artworks as sorting and selecting of artworks are done. 
- Used Bootstrap and react-router-dom to enhance styling and site navigation respectively.
- Added links to my other social media (instagram, reddit and deviantart) for people to look deeper into my work and follow me there! However, i intend for this website to be a central hub for my art to be in so all future artworks will be served here first.

## Future plans!
Here are my future plans for the art gallery!
- Admin Dashboard to add in artpieces easily (Will need backend for this, also manually adding data to json files is going to get annoying fast).
- Search functionality (If I end up having around 150+ artpieces).
- Comment section and like/dislike buttons (Will need backend for this.).
- Commission page (Not sure how lucrative my art would be but it wouldn't hurt to get a little extra cash.).
- Tags and add search bar for tags.
- UI and function improvements.

Looking forward to seeing you all at the website! Come take a look! Hope you like what I have to show!

## Tech Stack
- HTML
- CSS
- JSX
- React.js
